README.md, before:

# HPC.tools API Repository

This is the primary repository for the `v4` HPC.tools API located at
<https://api.hpc.tools>.

## Upcoming Changes to the API

We have recently announced a number of upcoming changes to the HPC API,
including the development of `v4` of the API that will use GraphQL at its core.

These changes are at the very early planning and development stages at the
moment, and are not yet ready to be tested or used, so for the time being we 
recommend continuing to use the `v2` endpoints that are documented here.

If you'd like to keep updated as to when these new endpoints will become
available for early user feedback or use, please see the [Keeping Up-To-Date](#keeping-up-to-date) section below.

## API Documentation

The documentation for our `v2` api endpoints is available here: <https://api.hpc.tools/docs/v2/>.

## Contributing / Development

If you'd like to contribute to this repository, or run the API locally for
testing or development, please check out our
[Contributing Docs](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Keeping Up-To-Date

We have introduced some mailing lists that we will now be using to keep API
users up-to-date, and engage with users for early testing and feedback of new
API features.

If you would like to join either of these mailing lists,
please send an email to <api-support@hpc.tools> with your request:

* `api-announce@hpc.tools`

  This mailing list will be used for official announcements from the HPC.tools
  team regarding changes in the API, including new features and deprecation
  notices.

* `api-discuss@hpc.tools`

  This mailing list allows for open discussion between different users of the
  HPC API, as well as the development team. Feel free to use this mailing list
  to ask for advice on how to use the API.

  We will be using this mailing list to solicit early feedback for the `v4` API
  as we continue to plan and develop it.

## License

Copyright 2020 United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

<http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Add link to wiki in README

README.md, after:

# HPC.tools API Repository

This is the primary repository for the `v4` HPC.tools API located at
<https://api.hpc.tools>.

## Upcoming Changes to the API

We have recently announced a number of upcoming changes to the HPC API,
including the development of `v4` of the API that will use GraphQL at its core.

These changes are at the very early planning and development stages at the
moment, and are not yet ready to be tested or used, so for the time being we 
recommend continuing to use the `v2` endpoints that are documented here.

If you'd like to keep updated as to when these new endpoints will become
available for early user feedback or use, please see the [Keeping Up-To-Date](#keeping-up-to-date) section below.

## API Documentation

The Swagger documentation for our `v2` api endpoints is available here: <https://api.hpc.tools/docs/v2/>.

More detailed guides on how to use the API can be found in
[the HPC.tools API Wiki](https://github.com/UN-OCHA/hpc-api/wiki).

## Contributing / Development

If you'd like to contribute to this repository, or run the API locally for
testing or development, please check out our
[Contributing Docs](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Keeping Up-To-Date

We have introduced some mailing lists that we will now be using to keep API
users up-to-date, and engage with users for early testing and feedback of new
API features.

If you would like to join either of these mailing lists,
please send an email to <api-support@hpc.tools> with your request:

* `api-announce@hpc.tools`

  This mailing list will be used for official announcements from the HPC.tools
  team regarding changes in the API, including new features and deprecation
  notices.

* `api-discuss@hpc.tools`

  This mailing list allows for open discussion between different users of the
  HPC API, as well as the development team. Feel free to use this mailing list
  to ask for advice on how to use the API.

  We will be using this mailing list to solicit early feedback for the `v4` API
  as we continue to plan and develop it.

## License

Copyright 2020 United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

<http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
